Controller obeys amplitude constraints (#165)
symbiotic-engineering/MDOcean: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased
### Added
- Model: new `get_slamming_min_max` helper function that computes slamming displacement bounds (min/max) and a diameter margin metric, extracted from the former inline `slamming` sub-function in `dynamics.m`
### Changed

> - Model: controller now enforces amplitude constraints during closed-loop drag/response solving; static displacement upper limits (float/spar linear wave theory, relative motion limits) are computed once and passed into `get_response_drag` rather than using a fixed 1e6 placeholder

Author: ```suggestion
- Model: replace 1e6 placeholder with actual displacement limits: static upper limits (linear wave theory, relative motion limits) and dynamic upper and lower limits (slamming/submersion)
```

> - Model: `get_response_drag` accepts slamming parameters (`T_f_slam`, `T_s_slam`) and computes dynamic slamming displacement limits inside the solver, incorporating per-sea-state constraint violation errors and phase-based optimality errors

Author: ```suggestion
- Model: `get_response_drag` enforces per-sea-state amplitude constraint violation errors and phase-based optimality errors
```

- Model: phase optimality error in `control_errors_from_sat_results` now wrapped with `wrapToPi` to eliminate ±π discontinuities that could confuse `fsolve`
### Fixed

> - Model: `slamming_margin` in `dynamics.m` no longer references an undefined `theta` variable when `plot_slamming` is true; `theta` is now returned from `get_slamming_min_max`

Author: Remove this fix and the one below it
